# FileImportSessionCutoverSmbProperties

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**is_standalone** | **bool** | Indicates whether the source SMB server is standalone. A &#39;true&#39; value indicated the SMB server is standalone and &#39;false&#39; value indicates the SMB server is joined to an Active Directory. | [optional] 
**computer_name** | **str** | DNS name of the associated computer account when the source SMB server is joined to an Active Directory domain. This name is limited to 63 characters and must not contain the following characters:   - comma (,)   - tilde (~)   - colon (:)   - exclamation point (!)   - at sign (@)   - number sign (#)   - dollar sign ($)   - percent (%)   - caret (^)   - ampersand (&amp;)   - apostrophe (&#39;)   - period (.) - note that if you enter string with period only the first word will be kept   - parentheses (())   - braces ({})   - white space (blank) as defined by the Microsoft naming convention (see https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/909264/) Underscore (_) is allowed. However it is not recommended to use it. Hyphen-minus sign (-) is not allowed as last character. When creating/modifying the SMB server, if no NetBIOS name is provided, up to the 15 first computer name characters will be used to compute a default NetBIOS name. This substring shall comply with NetBIOS name limitations. | [optional] 
**domain** | **str** | Fully Qualified Domain Name (FQDN) where SMB server is registered in Active Directory. The maximum length is 255 characters. A FQDN is composed with multiple components separated by a dot character. The FQDN for the SMB server computer name is computer_name. where the computer_name is the first component. Domain must not contain the following characters:   - comma (,)   - tilde (~)   - colon (:)   - exclamation point (!)   - at sign (@)   - number sign (#)   - dollar sign ($)   - percent (%)   - caret (^)   - ampersand (&amp;)   - apostrophe (&#39;)   - parentheses (())   - braces ({})   - white space (blank) as defined by the Microsoft naming convention (see https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/909264/) Underscore (_) is allowed. However it is not recommended to use it. Hyphen-minus sign (-) is not allowed as last character. Period (.) is not allowed as first and last character. | [optional] 
**organizational_unit** | **str** | Organizational unit of the source SMB server in Active Directory, if applicable. | [optional] 
**netbios_name** | **str** | NetBIOS name is the network name of the standalone SMB server. SMB server joined to Active Directory also have NetBIOS name, defaulted to the 15 first characters of the computerName attribute. Administrators can specify a custom NetBIOS name for a SMB server using this attribute. NetBIOS name must not contain the following characters:   - backslash (\\)   - slash mark (/)   - colon (:)   - asterisk (*)   - question mark (?)   - quotation mark (\&quot;)   - less than sign (&lt;)   - greater than sign (&gt;)   - vertical bar (|) as defined by the Microsoft naming convention (see https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/909264/) The following characters are not allowed too:   - semicolon (;)   - comma (,)   - equal sign (&#x3D;)   - plus sign (+)   - left bracket ([)   - right bracket (])  The following characters are not allowed as first character:   - period (.)   - white space (blank)   - hyphen-minus (-)   - at sign (@)  Source system may apply additional restrictions. For example the source system may prohibit the following characters:   - white space (blank) | [optional] 
**workgroup** | **str** | Applies to standalone SMB servers Only. Windows network workgroup for the SMB server. Workgroup Names are limited to 15 alphanumeric ASCII charaters and must not contain the following characters:   - backslash (\\)   - slash mark (/)   - colon (:)   - asterisk (*)   - question mark (?)   - quotation mark (\&quot;)   - less than sign (&lt;)   - greater than sign (&gt;)   - vertical bar (|) The following characters are not allowed as first character:   - period (.)   - white space (blank)  Source system may apply additional restrictions. For example the source system may prohibit the following characters:   - comma (,)   - white space (blank) | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


