# FlrInstance

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**mode** | [**FileSystemFLRModeEnum**](FileSystemFLRModeEnum.md) |  | [optional] 
**minimum_retention** | **str** | The shortest retention period for which files on an FLR-enabled file system can be locked and protected from deletion. This value must be less than or equal to the maximum retention period. Any attempt to lock a file for less than the minimum retention period results in the file being locked until the current system time plus the minimum retention period is reached. The default value for the minimum retention period is 1 day. Format [integer][Y|M|D]|\&quot;infinite\&quot; (example \&quot;5Y\&quot; for 5 years). Specify Y for years, M for months, D for days, or the keyword infinite. Setting infinite means that the files can never be deleted. This setting is significant only when flr mode is not None.  | [optional] 
**default_retention** | **str** | The default retention period that is used in an FLR-enabled file system when a file is locked and a retention period is not specified. This value must be greater than or equal to the minimum retention period, and less than or equal to the maximum retention period. Format [integer][Y|M|D]|\&quot;infinite\&quot; (example \&quot;5Y\&quot; for 5 years). Specify Y for years, M for months, D for days, or infinite. The default value for the default retention period is infinite, which means that the files can never be deleted. This setting is significant only when flr mode is not None.  | [optional] 
**maximum_retention** | **str** | The longest retention period for which files on an FLR-enabled file system can be locked and protected from deletion. Any attempt to lock a file for more than this maximum retention period results in the file being locked until the current system time plus the maximum retention period is reached. Format [integer][Y|M|D]|\&quot;infinite\&quot; (example \&quot;5Y\&quot; for 5 years). Specify Y for years, M for months, D for days, or the keyword infinite. The default value for the maximum retention period is infinite, which means that the files can never be deleted. This setting is significant only when flr mode is not None.  | [optional] 
**auto_lock** | **bool** | Indicates whether to automatically lock files in an FLR-enabled file system. When true files are locked automatically after modification based on the policy_interval. When enabled, auto-locked files are set with the default retention period value. This setting is significant only when flr mode is not None.  | [optional] 
**auto_delete** | **bool** | Indicates whether locked files will be automatically delete from an FLR-enabled file system once their retention periods have expired. This setting is significant only when flr mode is not None.  | [optional] 
**policy_interval** | **int** | Indicates how long to wait (in seconds) after files are modified before the files are automatically locked. The default value is 3600 seconds (1 hour). This setting is significant only when flr mode is not None.  | [optional] 
**has_protected_files** | **bool** | Indicates whether FLR file system has protected files. This setting is significant only when flr mode is not None.  | [optional] 
**clock_time** | **datetime** | Per file system clock used to track the retention date. It is initialized when an FLR-enabled file system is first mounted on a NAS Server. It does not advance when a file system is not mounted. This setting is significant only when flr mode is not None.  | [optional] 
**maximum_retention_date** | **datetime** | Maximum date and time that has been set on any locked file in an FLR-enabled file system, which means that the file system itself will be protected until this date and time. This value is compared to the FLR Clock Time to determine whether the date and time have passed. Value is null if the maximum locked date is infinite, or a specific time. This setting is significant only when flr mode is not None.  | [optional] 
**mode_l10n** | **str** | Localized message string corresponding to mode Was added in version 3.0.0.0. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


