# VirtualMachineInstance

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**id** | **str** | Unique identifier of the VM instance. This value is generated by the appliance. | [optional] 
**instance_uuid** | **str** | UUID instance of the VM in vCenter. This value is stored in the VM and migrates with the VM to other vCenter instances. Not applicable to VM snapshots. | [optional] 
**vcenter_instance_uuid** | **str** | UUID instance of the vCenter that hosts the VM. Was deprecated in version 2.0.0.0. | [optional] 
**name** | **str** | User-assigned name of the VM in vCenter.  This property supports case-insensitive filtering. | [optional] 
**description** | **str** | Description of the VM in vCenter. | [optional] 
**type** | [**VirtualMachineTypeEnum**](VirtualMachineTypeEnum.md) |  | [optional] 
**vsphere_object_id** | **str** | Unique identifier of the VM in vCenter. This value is required for events to merge information about vSphere objects. The value is stored in vCenter and is regenerated on other vCenter instances. Was added in version 3.0.0.0. | [optional] 
**memory_mb** | **int** | Memory size of the VM, in megabytes. Not applicable to VM snapshots. | [optional] 
**cpu_count** | **int** | Number of virtual CPUs in the VM. Not applicable to VM snapshots. | [optional] 
**guest_os** | **str** | Guest operating system of the VM. Not applicable to VM snapshots. | [optional] 
**status** | [**VirtualMachineStatusEnum**](VirtualMachineStatusEnum.md) |  | [optional] 
**protection_policy_id** | **str** | Unique identifier of the protection policy assigned to the VM. Not applicable to template and snapshot VMs. | [optional] 
**replication_group_id** | **str** | Unique identifier of the replication group that this virtual machine belongs to. Not applicable to template and snapshot VMs. Was added in version 3.0.0.0. | [optional] 
**is_consistent** | **bool** | Indicates whether the VM snapshot is crash-consistent. | [optional] 
**is_consistent_snaps_supported** | **bool** | Indicates whether the VM supports creating crash-consistent snapshots. Not applicable to snapshot VMs. | [optional] 
**vcenter_id** | **str** | The unique identifier of the vCenter object that hosts the VM. Was added in version 2.0.0.0. | [optional] 
**protection_data** | [**VmProtectionDataInstance**](VmProtectionDataInstance.md) |  | [optional] 
**power_state** | [**VirtualMachinePowerStateEnum**](VirtualMachinePowerStateEnum.md) |  Was added in version 3.0.0.0. | [optional] 
**type_l10n** | **str** | Localized message string corresponding to type | [optional] 
**status_l10n** | **str** | Localized message string corresponding to status | [optional] 
**power_state_l10n** | **str** | Localized message string corresponding to power_state Was added in version 3.0.0.0. | [optional] 
**protection_policy** | [**PolicyInstance**](PolicyInstance.md) | This is the embeddable reference form of protection_policy_id attribute. | [optional] 
**replication_group** | [**ReplicationGroupInstance**](ReplicationGroupInstance.md) | This is the embeddable reference form of replication_group_id attribute. | [optional] 
**parent** | [**VirtualMachineInstance**](VirtualMachineInstance.md) | This is the embeddable reference form of parent_id attribute. | [optional] 
**children** | [**list[VirtualMachineInstance]**](VirtualMachineInstance.md) | This is the inverse of the resource type virtual_machine association. | [optional] 
**vcenter** | [**VcenterInstance**](VcenterInstance.md) | This is the embeddable reference form of vcenter_id attribute. | [optional] 
**virtual_volumes** | [**list[VirtualVolumeInstance]**](VirtualVolumeInstance.md) | List of the virtual_volumes that are associated with this virtual_machine. | [optional] 
**datastores** | [**list[DatastoreInstance]**](DatastoreInstance.md) | List of the datastores that are associated with this virtual_machine. | [optional] 
**vsphere_host** | [**list[VsphereHostInstance]**](VsphereHostInstance.md) | List of the vsphere_host that are associated with this virtual_machine. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


